---
layout: post
title: 'HW1: Chapter 1'
published: true
---
## HW 1: Chapter 1

1.3	
The four important attributes that all professional software should possess are; acceptability, dependability, efficiency and maintainability.
Four other significant 	attributes are heterogeneity, business and social change, security and trust, and scale.

1.8	
Professional software engineers should be licensed in the same way as doctors and 		lawyers. Even though software engineers are not physically hands on their clients like 	doctors they can still impact the lives of others. For example software that controls 	autonomous vehicles can fail and potentially harm or kill people thus software engineers must be licensed in order to be held accountable.

1.9	
Public - Engineers should act in the best interest of the people and provide tools that enrich their lives and not knowingly put them at risk.
Client and Employer - Engineers should provide their clients with the tools that have been requested and inform them of any issues that may cause harm. Engineers should work to their employer standards and ethical code.
Product - Any product designed by the engineer should be thoroughly looked over in order to provide the best quality product.
Judgement - Engineers must use their best judgement when making important decisions that impact the lives of others.
Management - Leaders must trust their team and vice versa. There must be robust communication between the team in order to succeed.
Profession - Engineers must understand their role is to the enrich the lives of the public to provide quality products.
Colleagues - Engineers must embrace the team and provide adequate support to those in need.
Self - Engineers must take care of themselves physically and mentally in order to maintain an ethical work drive.

1.10	
This is a complex issue for many people. Terrorism at its core is a terrible subject and preventing it should be a number one priority. But at the cost of the privacy of everyone it has the potential to expose everyones personal information. This type of software could also become corrupted and used against the very people it is trying to protect.
