---
layout: post
title: 'HW2: Reflections on software engineering practices'
published: true
---

Software is essential for day to day living. It helps humans constantly from small conveniences to saving lives. With software playing such a huge part in our lives it is constantly changing. Often changing faster than any other tools we use. The common themes amongst the three articles are software best practices, the constant change of software, and the difficulties of software engineering.
    
Manufactured goods begin with an idea, that later evolve into well-documented blueprints and an optimized build plan. As issues arise they are handled by a team of people to find a permanent solution and get the line moving at a rate that meets the demand of customers. Unfortunately, this method of manufacturing does not apply to software. Software cannot be seen upon a tangible item like blueprints. Software is often thought of in an abstract manner that cannot use the same methods that have optimized the manufacturing environment. With these issues, software is struggling to find the best practice methods. With a lack of best practices software is being constantly updated which leads to the theme of the rate of change amongst software.

With most cycle iterations of a product, the change is relatively small and slow. Changes are often planned-out over greater lengths of time and complete recalls are very rare. Software however is constantly changing. It is common for software to be updated multiple times a year as the engineers are finding optimization and eliminating bugs. But, with each update the software can become bloated and more bugs can be created. The overall company can also add to this constant rate of change. Since often a company is building software for a client. This introduces deadlines and commitments to keep the client happy and profits coming in. Thus, it is not just the engineers involved in the deployment of the software. It is the leadership team trying to keep timeline commitments, project management teams taking in requests from clients, and relaying them to the engineers. There are also shareholders to keep happy and ensure that profits never dip which does not allow for thorough problem-solving to deploy optimized and efficient software. All these issues lead to difficulties that many software engineers face daily.
    
Many of these issues sum up to one of the main problems with software engineering. There is no one solution to the problem at hand. With each problem, there are many ways to solve the problem which can lead to further issues. Each engineer does not solve problems using the same method which provides many solutions. Thankfully some companies are aware of this issue and are taking measures to avoid multiple solutions to problems. Google for instance has created a giant repository for its clients and employees that hosts solutions for many problems. This eliminates redundant code and keeps its repository optimized and efficient.
    
Overall, software engineering is a complex environment that is constantly changing. To maintain some sort of organization engineers must work together to find the best practice. Best practices will improve the overall software implementation process to find solutions to our everyday problems. 
