---
layout: post
title: 'HW4: Reflections on software failures'
published: true
---

These articles revolved around the subject of software failures. Unfortunately, software is often prone to failures. With these failures comes consequences in the form of property damage and even loss of human life. These failures do not only occur in small startups with engineers with little experience. They even occur within our own government. The people who we trust to lead our lives with safety and little catastrophic events. Alas, we are all still human so mistakes continue to happen. The articles discussed some of the worst software failures in history as well as some things that could have been done differently to avoid such drastic mistakes. 

Common themes between the articles include poor management of development teams and a lack of quality assurance to review submitted code. Often times old code was reused in order just to meet a deadline. One of the essential rules of simplifying code was tossed out and unsavory code sept through the cracks. Another theme that leads to faulty software is the lack of adequate communication between teams. Often times there would be no quality communication between teams as well as poorly documented code. 

Another theme amongst the articles was the idea that spending more resources on a project would somehow magically fix it. For instance, the virtual case file or VCF that was to be designed for the FBI was introduced in 2000. The VCF was apart of a plan to modernize the technology of the FBI since most of the assets were outdated and obsolete. Originally the project was to last three years with a cost of around $400 million. In only two years an additional $125 million was requested with still no completion in sight. Two years later and even more money was requested and promised released dates that never arrived. Eventually, in 2005 the project was ultimately scrapped. The downfall of this project was not just a single issue. The lack of a strong technical foundation or a “blueprint” played a role in the unsuccessful project. A constant change of scope and purpose also plagued the project. FBI employees with little to none computer science training often made important decisions regarding the program. Redundant and inefficient code was also a large issue amongst the project as well. Overall the failed project cost millions of dollars in taxpayer money that led to no positive improvement in the technology used by the FBI. 

Overall, no software is immune to failure. Complex or simple with problems overlooked and poor management software can fail at a moment's notice. With failures comes a great cost, not only to the wallets of taxpayers and companies but also in the form of humans lives. In order to implement safe, secure, reliable, and dependable software. We have to work together, engineers must have strong leadership that does not crumble under deadlines and can specify when the team is not ready. Engineers cannot fall under pressure to deadlines and must retain an ethical mind and only push quality code. If code can be optimized and simplified it should be a priority. If humans are going to continue to rely on software to assist in their lives it should not put them in harm's way. 
