---
layout: post
title: 'HW8: Mythical Man Month'
published: true
---

&ensp;&ensp;&ensp; The mythical man month continues the theme of the problems with software engineering. The term man month refers to a unit of measurement that is used to measure how long it takes to develop software within a month for an individual engineer. According to the book, the more people added to the project the more months it takes to complete. When more added are added this creates extra work for everyone on the team. Existing engineers have to take time out of their schedule to train new engineers this adds more time do the project. As more people are added more communication happens as well. Unfortunately, this communication is not helpful to the team. Now engineers have to maintain increased communication across multiple channels as well as their workload.

&ensp;&ensp;&ensp; Unfortunately, software development is not just plagued by the number of engineers. It takes a whole business to create problems. Often,  finished products are promised without proper planning. Sales teams often make unrealistic deadlines that engineers try to meet. Too early in the process does not enough planning happen. When deadlines approach managers panic and add more engineers thinking more people will solve the issues at hand. This leads to more time overall and extends the project even further. Teams often jump right into coding without taking time to plot an appropriate course. This also leads to not enough time spent on testing which should be one of the primary focus points for the team. Without proper testing, it leads to a wealth of bugs that could have been prevented if there was proper time taken for testing.

&ensp;&ensp;&ensp; Some suggestions to improve the software development process is assigning a lead programmer to determine what actions need to be taken. Much like in an operating room there is a lead surgeon, those in the room with the surgeon are assisting them with everything they need. While also relaying important information to the surgeon about the patient's vitals. That same methodology can be applied to designing software with the lead programmer taking the lead and their teammates helping all along the way. This fosters an environment where communication is robust and helpful and each team member knows their role and actions to take. 

&ensp;&ensp;&ensp; Overall, software is almost like great art. When people see magnificent pieces of art, architecture, and other incredible pieces of human creation we are often in awe. Software can also delight our senses with what it is capable of doing. When we see great architecture it shows what humans in a collective environment are capable of. Great architecture is not built by a single mind it takes many to see the final product. To keep software engineering in this same regard we have to bring in engineers that are passionate about the tools they are creating. Software engineering will always be a complex process because we are creating intangible items from our minds. But with a few proper procedures and a team focused on quality over deadlines can make tools that keep our minds in wonderment. 
