---
layout: post
title: 'HW5: Chapter 4 and reflection'
published: false
---

### 4.5

**Gas Pump**

Function | Dispense fuel.

Description | Dispense fuel by debiting the payment from the user’s credit card.

Input | Amount of fuel required by the user.

Source | Account linked to the user’s credit card.

Outputs | The amount requested is deposited into the user’s vehicle.

Destination | To the user.

Action | Pump remains in false state until credit card is swiped and approved. Next the user 			can specify the amount of fuel needed and the pump will allow the allotted amount to 			be dispensed. After fuel is dispensed the total amount is recorded and debited from the 	user’s account.

Requires | Specified amount of fuel and user’s credit card information.

Precondition | User must have a valid credit card.

Postcondition | The specified fuel is dispensed to the user.

**ATM**

Function | Issue cash.

Description | Issue cash by deducting from user’s bank account.

Input | User’s pin code and specified amount of cash needed.

Source | User’s bank account.

Outputs | The cash requested is issued to the user.

Destination | To the user.

Action | ATM is in a false state until a user enters valid pin tied to their bank account. 				Requested amount is issued to user unless the amount is greater than their account 			amount.

Requires | User’s debit card, PIN, and amount requested is less than amount available.

Precondition | User must have a valid credit card with matching PIN.

Postcondition | The needed cash is issued to the user.

**Fund Transfer**

Function | Transfer funds

Description | Transfer fund by deducting from user’s account and depositing into specified 				destination account.

Input | Specified amount to transfer and destination account.

Source | User’s account.

Outputs | Specified destination account by user.

Destination | Account specified from user.

Action | Receive input from user; destination account and amount to be transferred. Debit 			funds from source and deposit into destination account.

Requires | Account details, amount and banking credentials.

Precondition | User must have valid banking account, amount greater than amount to be 				transferred, and online banking credentials.

Postcondition | The requested funds are transferred from the source account to the destination 				account.

### 4.6

An engineer can utilize visual aids to keep track of the relationships between functional and non functional requirements. Keeping the requirements separate and determining the relationships between the two can help build more robust software that ensure only unique software is built.

### 4.7

Use Cases:
  * Insert debit card
  
  * Enter PIN
  
  * Enter transaction needed
  
  * If withdrawal; issue funds if available funds is less than requested funds
  
  * If deposit; determine amount being deposited, accept and post to user’s account
  
  * If balance check; print or display account balance to user
  
  * End transaction
  
  * Return debit card
  
