---
layout: post
title: 'Reflections on Open Source in Todays World'
published: true
---

<p>The first article I chose to read was about failure. I found this article very interesting because it approached failure as a normal part of everything humans do. Failure and mistakes have been some of the greatest tools humans have. We are constantly learning from our mistakes and failures as a child throughout our entire lives. Failures should not always have a stigma related to them since they are such a common occurrence in our lives. 
Failure also applies to any sort of software. In the article it is stated that failure is not a matter of if but when is it going to happen. Failure teaches us how to improve our software, although frustrating at the time it is all a part of learning and growing. The author also mentioned that we should also share our failures which I agree with completely. Sharing can help and fine-tune our learning processes and also remind us that we are still human and mistakes are inevitable. Sharing also lets others know how we overcame our failures which others can also apply if they run into the same mistakes. 
Overall, mistakes can be a headache but ultimately they are one of our greatest tools as we continue to learn and grow. 
https://opensource.com/article/20/11/normalize-failure<p/>

<p>The second article I chose to read was about trust. The author discussed how trust within the open-source community has been one of its greatest strengths. Trust is foundational in any positive relationship so it makes sense that the open-source community helps to thrive. If the open-source community was untrustworthy nothing could be accomplished. With trust, we can count on our colleagues to assist with the goal at hand. The author mentioned that building trust does not just apply to our immediate circle. Within the open-source community, people are not just regulated to one task or project they move between many projects. Thus, having a trusting reputation equates to a rapidly growing positive open-source community. 
https://opensource.com/article/21/1/open-source-distributed-trust<p/>
