---
layout: post
title: 'Reflections on FOSS'
published: true
---

<p>As a part of the continuation of CSCI 362, 462 keeps the mindset of open-source software. What is open-source software? It is the idea of a community-based software approach where all are welcome to contribute. This concept keeps software ever-changing and mostly improving. With open-source, the community can gather behind a common goal to make a diverse piece of software. Regarding the idea of the cathedral and bazaar, the cathedral is often the one-minded approach much like non-open source software. It is passed down through monetary value and is completely proprietary. With the bazaar, it is an open market where everyone is welcome to sell their wares. Much like that of open-source where all are welcome to contribute to the software.<p/>
<p>An idea from the reading of “The Cathedral and the Bazaar” is to release early and often. This idea never occurred to me before since it seemed counterintuitive to release software. After digesting the information it makes more sense to release early and often since it allows the developers to appreciate their work more and allows them to have tangible evidence of their progress. <p/>
<p>Overall the idea of open-source software has opened my mind to how software is developed. Having an open community fosters an environment where everyone can contribute and removes the top-down approach where management and shareholders just push for a release date. This allows the software to flow naturally where releases are often and robust.<p/>
