---
layout: post
title: "What's Happening?"
published: true
---

<p>For this week's blog, I chose to read an article titled “Trends and Challenges for Software Engineering in the Mobile Domain”. This article discussed the current challenges regarding developing software for the mobile environment. Due to how mobile app development has significantly changed how traditional software is developed there is much thought on how to better optimize the mobile software development process. Mobile devices have many challenging variables that require challenging solutions. Mobile devices need to be constantly connected so users can remain up to date at all times. This constant need for connectivity poses challenges since connectivity is not always viable since mobile devices are susceptible to poor connections. Mobile devices also have the issue of poor battery life, this makes developing software challenging mobile devices are doing many tasks at once thus putting extra strain on an already limited power supply. Another challenge with the state of mobile software development is the focus on solely using the Android operating system. According to the article Android runs on 88% of all smartphones. This poses the challenge of having a limited approach to solving the mobile development challenges. Mobile devices pose the challenge of being the least secure as well. Since many of the apps observe a great deal about their users this poses questions of being ethical sound. As we reach an age of our personal data is a highly debated topic I think there needs to be a talk of how our data is regulated. Overall, the current state of mobile development is posing some definite challenges and some questionable trends. I believe that this should be talked about not just with the developers but with the end users too.<p/>
