---
layout: post
title: "Meeting Charleston"
published: true
---

<p> I chose to attend a virtual Networking Over Coffee event hosted by Phil Yanov on 02/23/201. I found this event to be a meaningful experience which I thoroughly enjoyed. The meeting started with a brief introduction of any newcomers which included me. I felt very welcomed and everyone there seemed to be enjoying themselves. The two activities that we participated in include breaking into smaller groups and discussing two topics that Phil provided. The first topic asked how productive we had been so far that week and why. I felt that given the circumstances of being in my last semester at college during a pandemic I felt that I had been seven on a scale of ten. This has been a bittersweet experience of finishing my last semester over zoom but as humans, we must adapt to the challenges around us. </p>
  
<p> The second topic was a hypothetical scenario that consisted of two conditions. The first being we get a fictional phone call that tells informs you just inherited ten million dollars with no strings attached. The second being another phone call from your doctor that tells you only have five years left to live. The question after these two conditions is what would you stop doing today. I shared with my group that I would stop worrying about the typical American path and just drop everything and travel. I would enjoy life’s little moments while I am still here and try to gather a wealth of meaningful experiences. Overall, I have enjoyed my time here at the College of Charleston. I have learned a great deal of information which has also taught me the abundance of things I do not know which I find humbling. I look forward to my time after college and the remaining time I have left on this earth. </p>
