---
layout: post
title: 'This bugs me'
published: true
---

<p>6.4<br>
The oldest issue labeled as bug dates back to October 21st, 2015. It relates to a traceback error when using Google Chrome on Android. This bug appears to be related to a class and the failure is when the class is trying to construct a notification. In the notes, it says that this bug is tied to issue #97. Most likely this bug came from fixing another bug which is common in the development process. Fixing one bug can create several others. It is essential to use test-driven development when fixing bugs or adding improvements, one line of code can set off a chain reaction of other bugs to fix.<p/>
<p>6.5<br>
The account has already been created since their issues are tracked on GitHub I already have an account where I can see their issues and contribute along with my team.<p/>
<p>6.6<br>
I found an error related to responsive display on a different iOS using Firefox. Unfortunately, after several tries, I was unable to replicate the bug. After digging through more it looks like the bug was fixed with a previous patch but the issue has not been closed, which leads to the question of how many issues have been fixed but not closed? It also may be a duplicate error that someone submitted without seeing if this issue was already addressed. <p/>
<p>6.7<br>
Issue 17277 | This issue was found by a collaborator and said collaborator self-assigned the issue to themselves. While searching for similar bugs several were found that relate to the issue at hand. Seeing that this issue is related to authentication I could understand that it could be a serious issue but I would need to research further to determine the severity of the issue. The wording of this issue is a little complicated but seeing that there is a wealth of knowledge that I lack in this system I can neither confirm nor deny if the bug makes sense to others. This issue appears to be lacking in details regarding which version and other details it does indicate which component it is related to but that is all I can find. <p/>




